---
title: 'new site'
date: '20211209'
backurl: 'index.md'
---

December 09, 2021
=================

scrapped old site generator and started new, the kinda normal 
pandoc/lua/shell/makefile dealio. i enjoyed writing the fennel one i had 
previously, but it was a little too unwieldy and didnt allow me to really 
want to write anything lol. it was lacking in so many ways even on the one 
output i made it for (html), so switching to something more chunky makes it 
much easier to just write things. theres still many flaws with how i have this 
set up now, not to mention the moral copout im doing just using pandoc, but i 
want to try to focus on documenting projects and holding myself accountable, so 
less excuses the more likely (but still not at all) that is to actually happen.

i think i might switch from cgit to stagit, or at least try it out. dont have 
any particularly reason other than the linear format of stagit goes well with my 
current site layout.

in unrelated to site, i did a few days of advent of code as its the hot thing 
this month, but god i could not do more than a few days. my brain just cant do 
the sameish thing days in row, need breaks. my days are kinda busy now so it 
might have just been squishing out things i normally want to do, but regardless 
i dont think im going to do much more of them. i prefer thinking and 
researching to doing, which is why im forever going to be a bad programmer haha.

hopefully one day i can learn to be useful and endure. making progress i think, 
used to be worse.
