# repository guidelines

its a bit of a tangle to juggle between different git hosting services, so im 
going to lay out some very not strict rules for myself.

## fully self hosted

* minimal collaboration needed
im comfortable handling all patches alone

* small shits and giggles
stuff that doesnt deserve any particular spotlight, outside of laughing at with 
friends (most of my code)

* super beta, not worth showing
self explanitory

## github

* discoverability
think people would like to see it / take from, and more accessible site for CVs

* i do not enjoy github.
too many githubism features, hard to migrate a project off of. not even largest 
microsoft hater, just it wayyy to big and monolithic for my tastes, while 
providing unique tooling that other services dont have (or need)

* teaching/non-techy repo
dont want to gatekeep collaboration if its just for some non techy friends who 
cba to learn patching and all the other fluff, not that much of a dick, github 
does certainly makes it easier for new people

## sourcehut

* want useful/team collaboration or just big project
mailing lists tickets etc all in their good ole classic forms. very portable ci 
for so many platforms, even has 9front lol can even "special request" ci over 
email it seems (presumably $$, but still)

* hopefully gets more popular
once/if the popularity factor of github is negligible, only limiting factor is 
the from 0 knowledge to using time, which presumably will still be higher than 
github. really hope it does, sourcehut is tremendously good for open source 
community, dont even think that its debatable. also just better than any 
similar-scale  alternative :p

## other options that are niche or not yet there (imo)

* aforementioned forgefed
not hugest fan of federation over self hosting but future could lead it to 
worthwhile places. worth keeping an eye on (and rooting for, id say) for sure.

* fossil
fits weird niche of self hosted but with github tier tooling. could fit 
depending on the software being held in it, but too clunky for personal repos 
and too learn-new-system for everyday collaboration. like it a lot tbh, but 
fits such a weird niche i dont have a use for it. might make a gemini interface 
for, could make it more useful to me.

