# 20211209 - new site

scrapped old site generator and started new, the kinda normal
pandoc/lua/shell/makefile dealio. i enjoyed writing the fennel one i had
previously, but it was a little too unwieldy and didnt allow me to really want
to write anything lol. it was lacking in so many ways even on the one output i
made it for (html), so switching to something more chunky makes it much easier
to just write things. theres still many flaws with how i have this set up now,
not to mention the moral copout im doing just using pandoc, but i want to try
to focus on documenting projects and holding myself accountable, so less
excuses the more likely (but still not at all) that is to actually happen.

i think i might switch from cgit to stagit, or at least try it out. dont have
any particularly reason other than the linear format of stagit goes well with
my current site layout.

in unrelated to site, i did a few days of advent of code as its the hot thing
this month, but god i could not do more than a few days. my brain just cant do
the sameish thing days in row, need breaks. my days are kinda busy now so it
might have just been squishing out things i normally want to do, but
regardless i dont think im going to do much more of them. i prefer thinking
and researching to doing, which is why im forever going to be a bad programmer
haha.

hopefully one day i can learn to be useful and endure. making progress i
think, used to be worse.

# lol i already am on a new thing

nice simple mdoc(7) thingy. i think i like it lot. mdoc/roff is a bit uh...
shit but i can deal. the flexibility and simplicity is best i could have with
anything but making from scratch i think. probably inevitably going to make
some frontends for writing stuff, the roff format isnt the greatest by ANY
stretch of the imagination, but for simple things it works quite well.
